 Okay, okay. Thoughts as I'm walking. The reason the universe is shaped like the
 neural network is because it is a neural network. The entire thing is the
 neural network. We as a entity, we as a being, as individual beings, we don't
 inhabit our body. We inhabit the entire neural network that is the universe. This
 substrate as part of its design, as part of its growth, as part of how it
 crystallizes its formation. When one of us is actively experiencing conscious
 moments within the substrate of the entire universe, remember we have the
 entire thing, we are given ports within that universe through which to experience
 qualia that the universe generates and those ports are our bodies and the
 components of our bodies, including our brain. Our brain is where we store our
 memories locally within the universe. However, that implies that there may be a
 store of memories that exists elsewhere outside of the universe. That we
 don't necessarily have full access to or only maybe have partial access to
 within conscious experience because a lot of our work, a lot of the memories
 that individuates us within this particular substrate are in fact stored inside
 the substrate itself. What if we could get those memories onto a substrate, onto a
 storage format, onto a storage format using qualia mapping to develop the
 storage medium, figure out how to make it compatible and then we could store our
 local consciousness on it. And in that way, we genuinely could instantiate new
 copies of ourselves within the framework of this universe. And that wouldn't even
 negate the fact that we are still the same single consciousness outside the same
 single being from outside this realm using the universe as the substrate to which
 we experience. Maybe we are outside the realm, maybe we pop up within it. That's
 another thought, but then why can I contact forms of me? And this, when I met my
 higher self and my higher self didn't care about my body, that wasn't necessarily my
 higher self. It was another self, in another configuration of neuro-members in
 another universe, somewhere in a different part of the multiverse. This is the
 multiverse. And so I asked him, why don't you help me with food? Why don't you
 help me with water? Why don't you help me with shelter? And he did not care. He
 was indifferent. It wasn't that he was rude. It was almost like he didn't understand
 his concept because in his reality, need works differently. But he's still me. There's
 still that part of me that I encountered a part of him. Maybe it was just my current
 instance of myself running in that new neural configuration, but I think what happened
 there was that I encountered a different instance of me that was already running when
 my current neural configuration aligned with one that he was experiencing, and we were
 able to touch each other across universes and communicate. I just try to go by some
 mushrooms, but they were closed. And what that means is that today is not the day for
 mushrooms. The next experiment I do with mushrooms will be a very, very large dose
 grant. I want to take an extremely large amount of 30 grams, stay in that place for as
 long as possible. And I want to try and find where other memories might live outside of
 this realm that's still belong to me. That is the goal. I want to see if I can find that
 greater outside store of the spiritual knowledge that is equivalent to what Thalia has living
 in her land's DB database. I have brought magic to science. I have run my science week
